.TH ONEKO 6 "10 March 1991" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
oneko \- cat-and-mouse chase all over your screen
.SH SYNOPSIS
oneko [
.B -h
] [
.B -display
.I display-name
] [
.B -bitmapdir
.I directory-name
] [
.B -kotatsubitmap
.I bitmapfile
] [
.B -kotatsubitmask
.I bitmapmask
] [
.B -mousebitmap
.I bitmapfile
] [
.B -mousebitmask
.I bitmapmask
] [
.B -speed
.I dots
] [
.B -time
.I interval
] [
.B -idle
.I pixels
] [
.B -fg
.I color
] [
.B -bg
.I color
] [
.B -kfg
.I color
] [
.B -kbg
.I color
] [
.B -mfg
.I color
] [
.B -mbg
.I color
] [
.B -noshape
] [
.B -nomouse
] [
.B -saveunder
] [
.B -xrm
.I resource
] [
.B -mail
] [
.B -update
.I seconds
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Oneko
displays a cat which chases your "mouse" cursor all over the screen.
Try moving the mouse in the middle of your screen and at the edges,
leaving it stationary, moving it slowly and quickly, etc., and watch
the cat respond.
.PP
The program was originally written by a Japanese author as a
Macintosh\(TM desktop accessory (The word "neko" means "cat" in
Japanese).
.SH OPTIONS
The following command-line options are supported by
.IR oneko :
.TP
.B -h
makes
.I oneko
print a help message and exit.
.TP
.BI -display " display"
specifies the X display on which the cat should appear.
.TP
.BI -bitmapdir " directory"
specifies the directory name which contains animation bitmap files.
You can use a set of bitmap patterns that you are designed.
It takes /usr/lib/X11/oneko/
.I Command-name
as default value.
.TP
.BI -kotatsubitmap " bitmapfile"
specifies a bitmap file name for "kotatsu". It takes
/usr/lib/X11/oneko/kotatsu.xbm as default value.
.TP
.BI -kotatsubitmask " bitmapmask"
specifies a bitmap mask file name for "kotatsu". It takes
/usr/lib/X11/oneko/kotatsu_mask.xbm as default value.
.TP
.BI -mousebitmap " bitmapfile"
specifies a bitmap file name for mouse cursor. It takes
/usr/lib/X11/oneko/cursor.xbm as default value.
.TP
.BI -mousebitmask " bitmapmask"
specifies a bitmap mask file name for mouse cursor. It takes
/usr/lib/X11/oneko/cursor_mask.xbm as default value.
.TP
.BI -speed " speed"
specifies the speed of the cat (the default is 16 pixels per move).
.TP
.BI -time " interval"
specifies the interval (in microseconds) between updates of the
cat (the default is 125000).
.TP 
.BI -idle " pixels"
specifies the maximum number of pixels the mouse can move while the
cat remains idle (the default is 6).
.TP
.BI -fg " color"
specifies the foreground color of the cat.
.TP
.BI -bg " color"
specifies the background color of the cat.
.TP
.BI -kfg " color"
specifies the foreground color of the "kotatsu".
.TP
.BI -kbg " color"
specifies the background color of the "kotatsu".
.TP
.BI -mfg " color"
specifies the foreground color of the mouse cursor.
.TP
.BI -mbg " color"
specifies the background color of the mouse cursor.
.TP
.B -noshape
tells
.I oneko
not to use the X shape extension to create its window the same shape
as the cat.  If this option is specified (or if your X installation
does not support the shape extension), then the cat will appear in a
small rectangular window, and will probably run slightly faster.
.TP
.B -nomouse
do not effect root cursor. If you don't specified this, mouse cursor on
root window changes to the "mouse".
.TP
.B -saveunder
tells
.I oneko
to use save under function.
.TP
.B -mail
tells
.I oneko
to check if mail has come.
.TP
.BI -update " seconds"
This option specifies the frequency  in  seconds  at which
.I oneko
should check new mail. The default is 60 seconds.
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1), xneko(6)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
A usage message when improper arguments are supplied.
.SH AUTHOR
Tatsuya Kato (kato@ntts.co.jp), 1990,1991.
.br
Based xneko; written by Masayuki Koba, 1990.
