{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10001\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 TextileRegular;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f4\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\vieww12580\viewh13540\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Neko.saver   (Ver. 0.91a)
\f1\b\fs36 \
\
Installation
\f2\b0\fs48 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \
1. Make sure if "Screen Savers" folder exists in "Library" folder of your home directory. If it doesn't exist, create a folder named "Screen Savers" in the "Library" folder. \cf2 (Note that there is a space between "Screen" and "Savers".)\
\cf0 \
2. Copy "Neko.saver" to "Screen Savers" folder in the "Library" folder  of your home directory.\
\
3. Launch "System Preferences".\
\
4. Choose "Screen Saver" in "System Preferences" window, and then choose "Neko" module.\
\
5. Close "System Preferences", and have fun!\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Note for laptop users
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \
Laptop users may want to turn the background of the screen white. To turn the background white, follow the procedure described below:\
\
1. Launch "System Preferences".\
\
2. Choose "Screen Saver" in "System Preferences" window , and then choose "Neko" module.\
\
3. Press "Configure" button.\
\
4. Choose "BG" tab, then check "White background", and then press "OK" button.\
\
5. Close "System Preferences".\
\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Revision history
\f3\b0\fs28 \
\
Ver. 0.1 (10/05/2000) Initial release. \
Ver. 0.2 (10/18/2000) Added support for the configuration feature of the background color. \
Ver. 0.3 (11/04/2000) Added brown and yellow cats. Now the color of the background and cat can be configurable independently. \
Ver. 0.4 (11/06/2000) Added blue cat.  From this version, Neko.saver can display more than one cat.\
Ver. 0.5 (11/12/2000) Some minor bugs were fixed.\
Ver. 0.6 (11/18/2000) Added two cats. Added the cancel button on the preference panel.\
Ver. 0.7 (11/21/2000) Fixed some broken bitmaps. Cats got dispersed over the screen after the start up.\
Ver. 0.8 (04/03/2001) Added some interactions among cats. Fixed all bitmap images to be read with the alpha channels properly. Rewrote almost all codes and fixed some bugs.\
Ver. 0.9 (03/30/2001) Added Nekojarashi mode.\
Ver. 0.91 (04/10/2001) Added support for the multiple screens. Reduced memory usage.\
Ver. 0.91a (04/14/2001) Fixed a bug which ignores the white BG option.\
		   \
________________________\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 Takashi T. Hamada
\fs24 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f4\b\fs28 \cf0 takashi_hamada@mac.com}
